Hi there, this video is about building
the realtors section, which is the last part of our project.
And so, once more, in this video,
we are going to apply what we already learned
in all the previous lectures.
And so this video will actually gonna be
pretty straightforward, so all we have to do
is to put these items here on a grid,
and then, of course, add this small title here.
That'll be pretty simple, right?
So we will lay out these items here
in a two-by-three grid, okay?
So each line for each of these realtors.
Now, the difference between this section and this one here
is that here, in the header, we actually declared
the entire header element as the grid container,
while here, in this section, we'll have the grid
inside of this container as a child element,
and that's because we don't want this here
as being a part of the grid.
Okay, so let's move on here to our realtors element.
So we start with our h3 with
the heading-3 class, and "Top 3 Realtors."
So that's the first part, and then we have that element,
which will be our grid container,
and where we're gonna have these two columns and three rows.
So I'm calling this one the realtors__list,
and in here let's put an image, so img.realtors__image.
All right, so pretty straightforward.
Next up, we have a div element in which we have
the name and also the number of houses sold.
Okay, so this here is one grid item,
and the other grid item will be all of this here,
so this element containing these two.
And then the next grid item will be this, and then this one,
and then this image, and then this container.
Okay, so this is a div called realtors__details.
And for the name, we use our h4.heading-4,
and remember that we created a light class here, right,
so if we're using white text color.
And so let's do that as well, heading-4--light.
So, Erik Feiman, and a paragraph for the number of houses.
So 245 houses sold.
Okay, now just copy this two times,
number two, and number three.
This lady is called Kim Brown,
and she sold 212, and then the last gentleman
is called Toby Ramsey, with 198 houses sold.
Okay, and that's it.
That's actually all the markup that we need.
So let's open up this file now,
and as always, add our selectors.
So we have the list, of course the image, and the sold.
So let's take a look at that now, and yeah,
of course, as always, these huge images
look just crazy as always.
So let's start by changing this, so width: 100%.
Also, we want them to be round, so border-radius: 50%.
And it's always best to display images
as a block, as we already know.
So let's check that out, and yeah,
so it's still really huge because we defined 100%.
And actually, let's put something else here.
So let's put 7 rem, so basically 70 pixels.
And yeah, now that looks much better.
Okay, and so now all we have to do
is to put these in our grid.
And this time, the grid is this list.
So display: grid, and then let's define our columns.
So the first column is for the images,
and the second column is for the text.
And so the image, we already know, is 7 rem,
and so all we have to do here
is to set it to min-content, okay,
so that it fits the image nicely,
and then, as for the text, let's use max-content,
so that doesn't create any line breaks in our text.
Check that out, and all right, it's side by side
and laid out in this grid now.
Let's take a look at that, and all right,
so you see, it's actually a grid.
Now all we need to do is to define some spacing here,
so let's add a spacing to the columns and to the rows.
So the columns, let's add 20 pixels,
and now, between the rows,
let's add something different here.
This time, we're going to use the vh unit again.
So I'm going with 5 vh, so 5% of the viewport height.
And why did I do it this way?
Well, of course, because I wanted this margin, this spacing,
to change whenever we change the height of the viewport.
And that's because, on a really large screen,
this starts to look really ridiculous.
So on a very large screen with a huge viewport height,
we would have this very small component
sitting here in the middle with a lot of space around it,
and that looks kind of weird, and so I decided
to go with the viewport height unit.
And so you see, as we change this,
we also decrease the spacing between the rows.
Okay, now as for this text, let's format this one here
and move it up a little bit.
So it's this sold text here, and I want it in uppercase,
the color should be the grey-light-2,
so let's get that from here.
It's actually already selected.
And let's move up a little bit, so just three pixels.
So a negative margin to the top
does the job quite well here.
We could have used a transform,
but this here works just as well.
Okay, so that looks nice, and now all we have to do
is to vertically center this here in the middle.
Okay, and we can actually do that here on the container,
and of course, that's this one,
so let's here say align-items: center.
So centering the items inside the cells vertically.
And, all right, that's it.
Let's just give this entire realtors component here
a padding, so padding of 3 rem,
and yeah, okay, and now all that's left to do
is to actually center all of this here
in this parent element, both horizontally and vertically.
So let's think about how we can do that.
The first option that comes to mind
is to use Flexbox, because we've done that a lot of times,
but again, I'm going to use Grid here.
So since this is a grid project,
let's then actually use CSS Grid in order to center it.
And that's really easy, right, all we have to do
is to say that this element here should be
a grid container, and then align the tracks
to the center both horizontally and vertically.
So display: grid; align-content: center;
and justify-content: center; and that's it.
So, just like that, we centered all of this.
So let's check out that grid, and so you see,
we have a grid with one column and with two rows,
because we have these two elements,
so this heading and this part.
Now we just need some space here after this "realtors,"
and we also need to center it here inside of the grid, okay?
So how can we do that?
Well, we could just add some spacing
directly to this element, so this h3 element,
but for that, we would have to use
the helper classes that I created earlier.
But instead, what we can do is to just
define a gap between the rows of the small grid,
and then that is going to create
the spacing that we want just as fine.
So grid-row-gap, let's say 2 rem.
And there's our spacing.
And now, if we say justify-items set to center,
then that will center this element.
So let's put that here, justify-items: center.
Okay, and yeah, that's it.
Now, why did this last property only affect
the title and did nothing with this part here?
So, it didn't do anything here
because this content here is actually what defines
the width of the grid, and so centering this here
does nothing because this grid cell
is already the size of the entire track,
and the entire grid container.
And so centering does nothing to it here in this case.
Okay, and that's it.
So, nicely centered also as we decrease.
Now, we actually have some issues here
in this header part, but we're going to fix that
together with all of the other things
that are not working 100% for the responsive layout
right in the next two lectures.
So now that we have our page completely designed,
okay, so we're really ready with all of this,
and this is great progress.
So we used a ton of grids here to build all of this,
but if you want to make this truly responsive,
then we have to add a couple of media queries still.
So some of the parts are already responsive like this,
but not everything is possible to do without media queries.
And so, in the next two videos,
we are going to write some media queries
to make this page truly responsive.
Okay, so stay tuned and see you in a minute.